Grace Hinkle

Unity 8:
Disclaimer: This is long overdue because I was gone most of the week that we built this and the day it was due in class. Major family issues came up and I wanted to prioritize those and then come back to this later. I informed Ted and got an extension, if you'd like the email of proof please let me know, and I'm very sorry it took this long my home life is a mess right now. Because of me not being able to work on this and not being able to present it in class, I was unable to get a proper grade on it and the in-class paper portion. Ted said that was ok, so I'd greatly appreciate it if you would take a look at it and see what I did to complete it.
Game: I modified my game to be all about gaining as many points as possible in the time you have. I removed the inventory scripts we added for Unity 7 because after a lot of trial and error they just didn't work right with the system I already had setup. I kept the collectables however and made it so the coins are part of my UI scoring system. That way when you are in gameview, whenever the score goes up it should stay the same regardless whether you jump over the other person or collect a coin. I kept the jumping over feature because once I tested the game out with the timer and had only so many coins in the game to collect, it allows for another backup method to get points if you run out of collectables. The timer is set to 60 seconds which might seem generous, but when I tested it out with the characters kinda weird movements, not always getting a point when you jump over the other player, coins running out and having to get to 10 points instead of 5, it cut things very close. The winning mechanic is still the same. If you get 10 points before the timer runs out, you win! However, in order to make it harder and urge players to be more aggressive when getting points, if the timer runs out it doesn't default to the highest player getting the point, but rather they both lose. I also changed the player controls so that once the timer hits 0 they stop moving. This will make it so even if the game doesn't recognize that player as the winner, the loser can't continue to move and get points afterwards.
Some of these changes were me fixing bugs and improving the overrall player experience, such as me making it so the players stop moving when the timer stops. And others were completely new things that I added either to add a new layer of fun or challenge, like adding the coincs and the timer. 

Unity 7:
For this assignment we were asked to add moveable blocks, collectable items, a general inventory system that was connected to a UI to show the items we collected, and reconfigure our old scoring script to work with out new UI. I was able to get all but that very last one working. I got a moveable block in the game, hard to reach green block at the top, that is moevable and is going to because more usable in the future. I added coins (and a fake coin for testing that's just a yellow orb) that can be collected. At the moment when one player pick it up, it shows for both players instead of that one, and I plan to fix that in the future. But I don't expect to lose points on that since there was nothing in the instructions or in class saying we had to have them separated yet, just implemented into the game with the UI working.
Now I got almost all of part 3 done. i got all the scripts downloaded and made sure they worked with my previous scripts. I couldn't however get my old scripts rewroked properly *yet* to have them *completely* work on the new UI. I tried many times, asked friends to help and even went into the lab on Saturday to figure it out, but nothing I did would make it work. So what I decided to turn it in like this. Everything is functioning perfectly independently, and all the scripts, moving object and coins that needed to be added have been.
If you have any suggestions on how to fix my problem please let me know.

Unity 6:
I added in the two scoring systems and the winner text by making the new UIManager scripts. Player 1's score is displayed top left and Player 2's is top right. I made sure they each said the same thing and kept saying the same thing even as the score went up. I also made sure they were visible, but not too big or distracting.
Then, for the winner score I added into the UI manager scripts, and made sure it was really big and bright, and only displayed once 5 points were hit by a player. 

Unity 5:
For my Unity 5 Leapfrog game, I decided the iterations I would make would visual focussed. I did this for two reasons. 
1 being that I think a lot of people assume the only "proper" iterations to a game must be in the game functions themselves, which are great, but isn't true.
the 2nd and more honest answer is that i was unable to attend class on the monday where we started this project, and have had continuous issues with the code trying to get it to work.
Eventually figured out what was wrong all on my own, and I'm proud of myself, but was also kinda exhausted at that point.
So my smaller change to the appearance is making the players a similar color to the flooring, making it a bit more challenging to tell where they are.
The biggest change I made is definitely the the scale and "visibility" of the playing field. The scale of the map is pretty big, giving you both a lot of places to go, but also giving you a possibly farther distance to travel to reach your goal (jumping over the other player)
the arena also has "covers" on the perimeters and towards the center of the space for two purposes. The smaller white covers allow the player a spot to hide where the other player will be unable to jump over them because of how big the covers are. 
The downside to the covers however is that it also prevents the person hiding from getting points also. So there is a Decision making aspect of whether to hide under them, but also an incentive not to because it adds the constraint that neither will be able to gain points, thus a stalemate.
The bigger covers on the perimeters of the arena allow for a larger hiding space, but are also taller, meaning if the other player knows where you are hiding they can still jump over you and get a point. This gives you Chance and Untertainty because the covers make it very hard to guess where you or the other player is, 
but the arean is only so big and there is always the option they jump over you.
